                           Project11


1- Basics concepts

a- What is a DevOps? It is a culture , a philosophy a way of down business in the world of software production management that emphasize in collaboration. Communication and real time integration between development and operation teams.  Devops strive for  agility, speed , decrease time to production and to market for the benefit of the customer
b- What is GIT? Github ( website where git repo is hosted)
Created by linus torvalds GIT is an open source  distributed VCS and serve for tracking changes in files and for coordination among user unlike centralize system every user has a full clone of the repository. 
c- what is the difference between git ans svn? Both are VCS svn is centralized that means commit is one step but you have to be in range to do so , with Git your pc  is literally a full fledge version of the repository and you can commit on the road and when in range commit for or again your changes.
d- what continious integration? It is a practice that requires developer to integrate several times a day that help in errors detection and fixes.( better communication , reduction set backs ..)

e- what is continious delevery? Is the production of product in a continuous manner with incremental update  building testing and faster release.
f- what is scrum? Sprint (daily)
Scrum is an iterative and incremental agile software development framework for managing product development  need to youtube this
g- What is agile methodology?
Requirement and analyst   Design (code  Test)   Deploy   Maintain
 Repository (Git) build (jenkisns) onsite puppet ( automation)
 DEV   SAT CAT Prod ( plenty of servers) a revoir chap 12

Vcs ( git, svn ,bazaar, mercurial, github)         buildtools( jenkins , juju, perforce,)        deploy(ansible,salt chef)     prod(nagios splunk)
h- what release calender ?  time line of the pipeline
i- what is release date? Date of software release   a revoir again

2- give 4 raisons why companies should consider the DevOps method
Decrease time to market, time to production
Better customer product
Product memory
Collaboration and communication



3- what are some automation tools used in the DevOps environment?
Jenkins, Juju,ansibe , nagios, github
4- why is it important to build the software in the test regions before delevering it to production?

5- create a project in your github repository called project4 and in project 4 , create a file called project11
6- copy your homework11 answers into the file project11 and commit it.
7- What is the url to access your github project11 file?

Scp     copy from one server to the other.
